This project was most definitely the most stressful and time-consuming one for various reasons thus far, yet it was my favorite. Web design is always something I wanted to learn, and when I saw that it was a component of this course, I knew I had to take this course. After completing the audio and visual units in this course, we started learning about web design. This project allowed me to employ what I learned in this course about web design.

For my website, I decided to make a culmination of past projects both from this course and other past projects via a digital portfolio. I wanted this portfolio to contain my coding projects, graphic design projects, and audio projects, as well as a contact me section so potential employers or anyone who gets ahold of this website can contact me and ask me anything!

As I started making my homepage, I wanted to think of a color that represented me to make the background color for the entirety of my website. That color was blue. So, after making all the white and bland pages, I made a sitewide stylesheet, and made the background blue. This knocked off the baseline criteria of having a sitewide stylesheet, and adding color to the website.

On my homepage, and then eventually on all the other pages, I added a nav bar so that the user could access the other pages without reaching a "dead-end." I also formatted a header section, nav bar section, body section, and a footer section containing my contact information on all my pages. The "contact" footer section was the only one from the nav bar that doesn't take the user to a different page. It simply takes the user to the bottom of the page. I didn't add this only to meet the baseline criteria. I did it because I felt it was necessary in making my initial plan a reality.

Because this is my portfolio, I want people to associate my work with a face. My face. So I included my senior year high school photo because I'd like to think it is currently the most "professional-looking" photo I have of myself. I will definitely change that photo once I take an updated "professional" photo, so that I don't "catfish" anybody with an outdated photo. I am using this image legally because I bought the photo and have ownership of it. I also included alt text because I want my work to be accessible to all.

For the aspirational criteria, I would like to say that my inclusion of all the different types of media (pngs, audio files, etc.) adds diversity to my portfolio, and covers the "Media Files" aspirational goal.

My peers' feedback definitely helped a ton, so I'd like to give a shoutout to Amanda, Isabelle, and Kaitlyn! Getting a second (or more) pair of eyes to look at my work and code is something that I never take for granted. It helps me see things that slip past me, and allows me to look at my work from a different perspective.

If I had more time, I would definitely add in a back to top button/link in my footer section so the user doesn't have to always have to scroll up to check out my other sections. It would just be way more convenient. I realized this after finalizing my website. I definitely plan on adding this in the near future. I also would like to make my website mobile-friendly. There's many things I'd change and add in the future, but these are the most prominent and first that come to mind.

Lastly, I'd like to thank Ben for the time-extension. These past few weeks have been chaotic, and having extra time to make my website at presentable as possible is greatly appreciated. Thank you so much, Ben. It truly means a lot.
